Jiji countdown top 10 most difficult
game there's little point in committing
yourself to a game unless it's going to
be a challenge real heroes are created
through adversity and you're never going
to get better unless you play against
someone better than you that said
there's some games out there that just
don't know when to say when they
unapologetically demand a
near-impossible and yet we always come
back pleading for more punishment to
make this list a game cannot be broken
its difficulty must be by design number
contre NES three lives what kind of a
sick and demented joke is that
luckily Konami slipped in its legendary
cheat code to boost that number 230
otherwise contras relentless horde of
gun-toting baddies would no doubt be a
one-way ticket to hell where desperately
searching for a spread gun is crucial
for survival even with the code
you still need to watch your back contra
will forever have a soft spot in our
hearts when it isn't relentlessly
kicking our butts
number nine The Legend of Zelda 2 The
Adventure of Link nes swapping
tile-based dungeons for side-scrolling
labyrinths The Adventure of Link had a
much greater focus on action and
platforming tricky jumps over bottomless
pits could easily lead to an untimely
death and boss battles relied much more
on quick dodges and pinpoint sword
strikes while the game was tough in
general the caves leading to the Great
Palace were especially brutal with
flying eyeballs knocking players to
their doom
Castlevania NES anyone who played the
original Castlevania back in the day
remembers the bloody tears shed on the
road to putting down Dracula for the
first time cheap hits from flying medusa
heads and bone chucking skeletons led to
many a demise and against all odds
battles saw simon double-teamed by
Frankenstein and Igor ambushed by
Dracula's hideous second form and
roughed up by a duel with the Grim
Reaper himself it's a classic and it
presented a challenge to match Devil May
Cry 3 PlayStation 2 The Devil May Cry
series has never been known as easy but
it reached a murderous peak when Devil
May Cry 3 assaulted players in 2005 as
it turns out that Japanese hard mode
became the English normal mode and the
ludicrous difficulty of the Dante must
die setting was just ridiculous
thankfully we were granted a reprieve
when the rebalanced special edition came
out a year later we can't think of any
other game that had to be re-released
due to unforgiving difficulty
number six she nope PlayStation 2 the
old shinobi games were pretty tough but
shinobi for the ps2 separated the ninjas
from the wannabes with a violent chop
the title character hot Zuma had a sick
looking scarf a sublime shadow - and a
sword that powered up with each kill
unfortunately when your weapon ran out
of juice its rained hot seumas lifebar
making a nearly impossible game
completely impossible chapters without
checkpoints and stages with more
bottomless pits than ground shinobi
demand a dedication skill and most
importantly patience
number five
Ikaruga GameCube and Xbox Live Arcade
breaking things down to black and white
is usually all about simplification but
not for Ikaruga instead the wildly
popular Japanese shmoop gave players a
serious case of cross eye with this
unique polarity switching style of play
difficult most certainly the players
were rewarded for their bullet eating
bravado with a special homing laser
attack that helped out even up the score
well almost
Ikaruga still remains one of the genres
most fiercely competitive shooters yet
players like this guy still managed to
school the two-player option all alone
we'll stick to the Xbox Live
leaderboards thanks
number four f-zero GX GameCube the high
speeds floating tracks and crowded race
waves have always made f-zero games
exceptionally challenging but the
Gamecube entry kicked up the difficulty
to full throttle
mastering the rollercoasters style
tracks required hairline precision to
keep from flying off course rival
drivers became super aggressive on
higher difficulties knocking you around
without remorse and making it impossible
for many racers to unlock the ax tracks
without the help of skill friends
the story mode was unreasonably brutal
presenting major roadblocks as early as
the second event and ensuring that only
the abscessed ever crossed the final
finish line number three Ninja Gaiden
the series while a lot changed with its
rebirth on the original Xbox one thing
has stayed the same
Ninja Gaiden games are always going to
chew you up basically the punishing
platforming from the 2d games has been
swapped in favor of excruciating with
difficult 3d combat whether you were
knocked off yet another ledge by
responding Falcons or watching half your
life bar disappear after eating another
shuriken the Ninja Gaiden series and
doers as one of gaming's ultimate
challenges
number two
ghouls and ghosts the series it's one
thing to be told the princess is in
another castle
now imagine reaching the end of an
extremely difficult game only to be told
you have to start again from the
beginning
this was the blessing bestowed on those
brave enough to play the ghouls and
ghosts series this glorious gift came
after enduring a controller smashing
teeth clenching curse of a 2d platformer
for masochists only
Battletoads and yes rare may be known
these days for goldeneye and a bear with
the backpack but way back on the NES the
developer created the most devilishly
difficult game ever to be released
Battletoads dragon riding giant fists
and askew take on first-person
perspectives where the carrots dangled
in front of you as the deaths on
slippery slopes health stealing space
invaders and infernal biking and surfing
stages piled up friendships were snuffed
over the cooperative play what other
game makes pressing the d-pad in a
particular direction and art form few
ever witness to the dark queen's fall
without the help of glooms game genie
and Battletoads is without a doubt the
most difficult game of all time
you